README.md, before:

# mecarm

**mecarm** is 5..6 dof robotic arm.

[mecarm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_arm) is developed in C code: **100%**.

The README is used to introduce the tool and provide instructions on
how to install the tool, any machine dependencies it may have and any
other information that should be provided before the tool is installed.

[![GitHub issues open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dof2bot/mecarm.svg)](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/issues)
 [![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dof2bot/mecarm.svg)](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/graphs/contributors)

<!-- START doctoc -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)
- [Docs](#docs)
- [Copyright and Licence](#copyright-and-licence)
<!-- END doctoc -->

### INSTALLATION

Navigate to release [page](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/releases) download and extract release archive.

To install **mecarm** follow next instructions:
```
in progress
```

### USAGE

Planned in picking and packaging in micro-factories.
```
in progress
```

### DEPENDENCIES

**mecarm** requires next modules and libraries:
```
in progress
```

### PROJECT STRUCTURE

**mecarm** is based on POP.
```
in progress
```

### DOCS

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/mecarm/badge/?version=latest)](https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/projects/mecarm/en/latest/?badge=latest)

More documentation and info at:
* [https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Copyright (C) 2020 by [dof2bot.github.io/mecarm](https://dof2bot.github.io/mecarm)

Commit message:

[mecarm] prepared project struucture, github workflow actions, issue templates, updated docs

README.md, after:

<img align="right" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dof2bot/mecarm/master/docs/mecarm_logo.png" width="25%">

# mecarm

**mecarm** is 5..6 dof robotic arm.

[mecarm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_arm) is developed in C code: **100%**.

The README is used to introduce the tool and provide instructions on
how to install the tool, any machine dependencies it may have and any
other information that should be provided before the tool is installed.

[![GitHub issues open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dof2bot/mecarm.svg)](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/issues)
 [![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dof2bot/mecarm.svg)](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/graphs/contributors)

<!-- START doctoc -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)
- [Docs](#docs)
- [Copyright and Licence](#copyright-and-licence)
<!-- END doctoc -->

### Installation

Navigate to release [page](https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/releases) download and extract release archive.

To install **mecarm** follow next instructions
```
in progress
```

### Usage

Planned in picking and packaging in micro-factories.
```
in progress
```

### Dependencies

**mecarm** requires next modules and libraries
```
in progress
```

### Project structure

**mecarm** is based on POP.
```
in progress
```

### Docs

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/mecarm/badge/?version=latest)](https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/projects/mecarm/en/latest/?badge=latest)

More documentation and info at
* [https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### Copyright and licence

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Copyright (C) 2020 by [dof2bot.github.io/mecarm](https://dof2bot.github.io/mecarm)
