docs/source/index.rst, before:

MECARM
-------

.. toctree::
 :hidden:

 self

**mecarm** is 5..6 dof robotic arm.

`mecarm <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_arm>`_ is developed in C code: **100%**.

The README is used to introduce the tool and provide instructions on
how to install the tool, any machine dependencies it may have and any
other information that should be provided before the tool is installed.

|GitHub issues| |Documentation Status| |GitHub contributors|

.. |GitHub issues| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dof2bot/mecarm.svg
   :target: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/issues

.. |GitHub contributors| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dof2bot/mecarm.svg
   :target: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/graphs/contributors

.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/mecarm/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/projects/mecarm/en/latest/?badge=latest

INSTALLATION
-------------

Navigate to release `page`_ download and extract release archive.

.. _page: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/releases

To install **mecarm** type the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   in progress

DEPENDENCIES
-------------

**mecarm** requires next modules and libraries:
    in progress

PROJECT STRUCTURE
------------------

**mecarm** is based on POP.

.. code-block:: bash

   in progress

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE
----------------------

|License: GPL v3| |License: Apache 2.0|

.. |License: GPL v3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0

.. |License: Apache 2.0| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

Copyright (C) 2020 by `dof2bot.github.io/mecarm <https://dof2bot.github.io/mecarm>`_

Commit message:

[mecarm] prepared project struucture, github workflow actions, issue templates, updated docs

docs/source/index.rst, after:

mecarm
-------

**mecarm** is 5..6 dof robotic arm.

`mecarm <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_arm>`_ is developed in C code: **100%**.

The README is used to introduce the tool and provide instructions on
how to install the tool, any machine dependencies it may have and any
other information that should be provided before the tool is installed.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   self

|GitHub issues| |Documentation Status| |GitHub contributors|

.. |GitHub issues| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dof2bot/mecarm.svg
   :target: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/issues

.. |GitHub contributors| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dof2bot/mecarm.svg
   :target: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/graphs/contributors

.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/mecarm/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://mecarm.readthedocs.io/projects/mecarm/en/latest/?badge=latest

Installation
-------------

Navigate to release `page`_ download and extract release archive.

.. _page: https://github.com/dof2bot/mecarm/releases

To install **mecarm** type the following

.. code-block:: bash

   in progress

Dependencies
-------------

**mecarm** requires next modules and libraries
    in progress

Project structure
------------------

**mecarm** is based on POP.

.. code-block:: bash

   in progress

Copyright and licence
----------------------

|License: GPL v3| |License: Apache 2.0|

.. |License: GPL v3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0

.. |License: Apache 2.0| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

Copyright (C) 2020 by `dof2bot.github.io/mecarm <https://dof2bot.github.io/mecarm>`_
